## What worked
### Prototypes
Started working on 3 prototypes for the NJC
* [Electronic family violence order](http://njc-efv.herokuapp.com) - MVP online access to an intervention order, this is a demo to show to Kerry, waiting to get confirmation from Gavin that its ok to proceed and demonstrate this to Kerry.
* [NJC updates dash](http://njc-updates-dash.herokuapp.com/) - Team leaders will be required to provide the communications team with 5 points from the week - trialing this idea for the next few weeks, interesting news, updates etc. The information will be added directly to this dash - need to look into ways to reduce barriers of entry for other staff.
* NJC Document intranet - Diane (information team leader) was interested in finding a way to link existing policies with the relevant forms and other documentation needed. Currently this information is all stored in various docs on a shared drive and she would like to have it centralised online with each policy linked to the relevant form  that needs to be filled out and other supporting documents - **potentially a MCV wide issue**.

### Some other possibilities
* [Family violence mapping + processes](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B4BAde5Ar3z6c3VSaVV6QlZPT0U/view?usp=sharing): I spent thursday sitting with the client services team, it was hard to get much time with staff and unfortunately the centre was have a day long work shop on restorative justice so quite a few staff were missing at that, but I still had a good opportunity to finalise the Family violence map that I've been working on and get input from Pene (casework counsellor). She will be on leave over Dec, so she has suggested I contact her replacement and it might be an opportunity to test some new ideas with a fresh pair of eyes
* [In out board](http://inoutboard.com): Staff checking in / out - The information team decided to trial In/Out board to help reduce the emails going around notifying each other of change in work conditions, this was stared ~a month ago. I caught up with Diane to have a look at where it is at. Usage seems to have waned and staff are going back to sending around emails. So i will try an investigate:
  * Why are staff choosing not to use it?
  * What could be improved to make it easier to use?
  * Can Kerry 'order' staff to use it for a proper trial period

### Looking back
A new staff member is taking on the education and knowledge sharing role in the NJC. She will be embarking on a similar process of research and shadowing so I spent 45mins taking her through my experiences during my research stage, what worked, what she might look into attending, who was easy to work with, areas I wish I could have approached better.

I didn't really prepare, but it was nice to reflect on what I have done and realize I have had a chance to cover quite a bit of territory in the NJC.

### Asana
I've been using asana for the last 2 weeks to set up the tasks for each prototype, ill add some staff that are relevant to each prototype as they progress, once ive 'moved' to teamsquare, ill try and focus on using asana for project updates / progress to NJC staff.

## What didnt work
* Trying to pin staff down to check if the first 2 prototypes are ready to proceed, I didnt see Gavin all week while I was in the NJC and Ann was in and out, so i'd emailed them both as well, but havent heard back. I'll pop in on Monday to meet Andrew from portable studios then catching up with louise so I want to nail down the progress and next steps then.
* Map of the [NJC - Life in Yarra](https://trello.com/b/3G912EUP/njc-life-in-yarra) - this was started a couple of weeks ago, I wanted to meet with hieng last week to confirm the details before we pitch it to Kerry, but havent been able to pin him down to a time (kept cancelling) - we are scheduled to meet next wedensday. This project is about communicating the value of the NJC's work to the outside world.

## Blockers
* Motivating staff to get involved - i think this is constant
* Just getting on with it and detaching from the 'research / observer' mindset
* It's hard to tell if people still really understand what I am trying to do

## Next week
* Blog post
* Get agreement on the prototypes above, show them to Kerry (if need be), get them moving
* The NJC will have an end of year event (all day dec 8) where everyone is invited to share stories from the year, **I think this could be a good point for me 'official' progress report**.
* Finish mockup of document intranet and confirm it with diane
* **Cameron has scheduled 1.5 hrs for me on Tuesday to meet with the client services team**, we decided this might be a bit of a workshop session, ill bring the main themes we want to prototype + some current ideas and try and get staff to provide more areas of possible prototype / improvement - like the futureassembly session

[//]: Metrics

> Updated: November 27, 2015
