## What worked
### General
* Finally got to spend time with Hien (data analyst) and learn a bit about his role and some of the data the NJC keeps
*

### Prototypes update
* [NJC Intranet](http://njc-intranet.herokuapp.com) - Diane had mentioned (~1 month ago) how poorly organised their documents are, basically a flat folder on their shared drive. For most policies, there are also required forms, supporting documentation and maybe procedures. She was interested in a way to have these easily accessible as well as findable. She had mentioend this is an issue that had come up in her conversations with other staff in similar roles in other courts. This is just to test the waters, i've sent her the link and will follow up with her early next week.

* [NJC Map]() - I was pretty stumped with this by the start of the week, I didnt feel like simply talking about what the NJC had done would be of any use to anyone outside the NJC / MCV, last week I had discussed with Hieng about possibly making it more 'theme' or 'issue' focused. He was happy with. I met with Alvaro for ~45mins and hashed out some ideas of what this might look like. We concluded on something along the lines of:
  - Where is the CoY at right now//
  - Historical look at the data / context for that issue / topic, ie, Increasing agency of, recidivism
  - bringing togethor projects, initiatives / events / groups that have / are working on this issue and linking to case studies / etc
    - this would be information from anyone working in the CoY
  - instead of focusing on what the NJC has done, we focus on what everyone is doing collaboratively and highlight projects
  - a complimentary view of the same information would be in the form of a map / trails through the CoY

## What didnt work
* Still need to finish that report...

## Blockers


## New findings
* I had an interesting chat with Louise, she mentioned that Telstra are working on some initiatives around family violence technology, they are particularly looking at creating an app that will notify you if you are about to breach the terms of your order
  - She mentioned they are interested in the work i am doing with electronic access to orders
  - they would like to know more about what is happening, Louise will let me know if she sets up a meeting with them

## New people + others
*

## Next week
* Follow up on intranet prototype
* Pitch / follow up on the NJC map
