# Card Sort - Pausefest

## Notes
* Perhaps A/B test cards with NJC staff to see which ones make most sense
* Staff can contribute their own cards

* The length of the list needs to be manageable. Too few items, and there is little scope for the users to come up with a structure. Too many items, and the task becomes daunting and confusing.
* Existing structures should not be reflected in the description and selection of the topics. It is important not to “pre-judge” the structure by leaving clues that will lead the users back to the current way of arranging the content.
Words such as “manual” and “guide” should not be used in the topic descriptions. These reflect the current formats, and don’t relate to the actual content.
* The hardest challenge is to find the right level of detail. That is, how much information is encompassed by each item on the list. A topic such as “human resources” is perhaps too broad, while “rate of leave accrual” is probably too specific. As a general guide, each item on the list should be self-contained, and cover one logical group of content.
* Avoid including “grouping terms” (such as “Company News”). The whole purpose of the card sorting exercise is to make the users group the cards.Any headings that you place in the list will tend to encourage the users to place other cards under them, instead of other groupings which may be more natural.
* The terms used in the list must be meaningful to the participants in the session. This should be checked by people knowledgable about the working environment and subject matter.
